** QUESTION 4 **
For question number 4 I had to create my own stack, I felt like it was a good way to start with this because it would set up the foundation for the other questions. To solve question number 4, I started off by implementing a Struct Node, which would hold the data of the items stored in the stack and also use pointers to keep pointing to the next node. I then continued to implement the standard functions of a stack which were my constructor Stack to initialize, destructor ~Stack to clean up, then the usual push, pop, isEmpty. I began by initializing my stack to be empty therefore we can make sure new info can be stored in it. Next, I started to fill in the functions. My push function had to be able to push an element on to the stack and tell which is the top node of the stack. My pop function returns the top element and moves the top pointer to the second node of the stack. At the end of the push function it deletes the “old” top as it pops which serves the same purpose as the destructor would therefore I decided to just call the pop in the destructor because it does the same. My biggest challenge was trying to implement the display function due to the fact that my top node is in the private section it was hard to find a way to be able to acess the data. In my display function I assigned a node to point to the top then the result variable to print the node data which will display what is at the top. Which when called in the main function it would display the data in the stack.


** QUESTION 6 **
For question number 6 I knew I needed to be able to read and write from or to files so I used the fstream class. I started off by imputing a few jokes into my text file so that my program would be able to read it afterwards. Since creating the stack for this question was similar to question number 4 it became easier to implement into my program. I was able to modify it and make my code a little cleaner due to the fact that it was a bit more than the previous question. Instead of having everything in the main.cpp I chose to add a header file where I put all the functions for the stack. I also chose to use a template class to represent the stack. I continued to use a struct node where it held the data that is in the stack. Here I also used pointers and made the top a private class. I then continued to implement the standard functions of a stack which were my constructor Stack to initialize, destructor ~Stack to clean up, then the usual push, pop, isEmpty. I began by initializing my stack to be empty therefore we can make sure new info can be stored in it. In my destuctor I decided to have it go through the list and delete nodes as it goes instead of calling from the pop function. This program reads from a file then pushes all the characters into a stack, then store them into the output file. The stack will keep poping the characters until it is empty giving us the result in reverse order.
